Su Hao, what do you mean?
don't save
What good is it to you to ruin me?
Yeah, what's in it for you to ruin me?
I have no enmity with you
When you just called me a coward
When the company fired me
Did you ever think that you would destroy me by doing this?
i
I guess you're right.
I'm just dying
Because some people are worth paying
Some people he deserves
That's right, nosy is what you deserve
I have broadcast today's event live on the whole network.
If you don't give me a reasonable explanation
I'll ruin your reputation
Oh look
It's all hot
Wang Chang
Look at what you've done
This happened to you
How much reputational damage will it cause to the company?
Chairperson, I tell you
If you can't recover the company's losses
Just wait for the lawyer's letter.
Waiting for me to bankrupt you
Chairperson Chairperson
speak
I was wrong.
I shouldn't be nice to you
I beg you
Please help me